hey and this is crayon music
how was it
this semester where we were just excited
and you're playing yesterday oh the
London Irish truck we say my people
stadium it was just like in America
between the sexes
very nervous
and is your second season weather with
rugby samos enhancement
how's it feel having already done it one
year and then coming back through the
second you go to a world professionals
after so many like
having all kind of Maurice performing
regrets of always and always
the game
the main gate
and what values younger brother max to
start hands on guys let's do anything
like engaged how to dress and tiny shoes
later this is a little
what you guys got coming up then cuz
you're gonna be in the studio again she
won't be too sweet and haven't you
recording yes we're recording experiment
this game songs
can you say is in working with ya oh
yeah it's very well known like JLo dolls
to survive
you sometimes in it